alright guys I got a pretty good score
um order to give a big shout out to okay
chief 420 who basically goes dumpster
diving again stop I never thought to do
this today I'm gonna go get groceries
got my wife kids sitting there game stop
thinking I'll go away and go check it
out see the guy anything in there that
my want I said you know what I'm gonna
check their fucking dumpster I'm gonna
do it so I pulled behind there that's
the dollar general there's a little
alleyway with their dumpster so I've
read it while I didn't dive in but I got
in there lo and behold I found some shit
now these these mean nothing is just
stuff that I needed their empty sleeves
that had games in them I'm gonna use
these for when I'm some shit on eBay and
I need to shut the disk if I don't have
the case found the cover for modern
warfare 3 for the week I don't have that
but if I find it on ebay for like two
bucks because it's a disc only guess
what I've got it now um did find some
games I knew I would because they don't
have ps2 games at this game stuff
anymore for some stupid reason I'm you
were on the country a lot of people
still have to pee as to me still rocket
I collect for it but than that I don't
really play it grand theft auto 3 that
was in there it is not complete but it
has the disk in there it's a black label
pretty cool pick up right there the next
game I it looks like roller coaster
tycoon Meets The Sims I'm not sure metro
police polish mania I don't know it
looks stupid but free complete in the
trash might be a trash can I don't kick
it was free I got a wii game just a
common game we play
it's not comply I mean there's no manual
but the disc is in there so that was
pretty cool and then the sims on the ps2
that was in there not complete but it
does have the insert so I mean these
were in the trash the trash bag guitar
hero world tour and then you know sports
game deca sports whatever for the week
empty has the manual though I'll keep
that I'll get the disc for nothing then
I'll have a complete weekend there was
nothing inside the guitar hero but if
you can't find guitar hero there's
something wrong with either everywhere
other thing was in there was a weed gel
cover oh free great condition Golf Club
for the we just stick your controller
right in there that was free I mean this
was a quick a quick dive I want to say
this is the plugin that came with the
ps3 because I found the box in there um
what's the we stand I've seen that ok
chief four twenties videos they it's
like they're always throwing these away
what do they not think that the customer
is gonna want these I don't understand
it don't understand that and ps3
controller it powers up I'm gonna plug
it into mine see if it works I mean it
looks fine maybe doesn't hold the charge
like he used to but the buttons do come
on then of course
there's a Wii boxing they're not all the
guy but are you still cool though that I
found it cuz I'm gonna keep it the only
thing that was in there that was of
course the manual in a little answer
still cool still cool display box it's
not in the best shape it trust me i'll
plan on hitting this toaster of all the
time now all the time baby then a couple
of ps3 boxes ones the 120 which yeah
that's this one the 120 bucks and then
the 160 which is crazy because that's up
near my wife has she I have the older
one she has the newer one we never
getting her one and then I'd say about
three days before that though I didn't
abide some stuff from there just some
really cheap ganges filler for the
collection talk to the guy there he
actually said jean de arc for PSP it's a
looks like an RPG you guys can see the
back there I don't know is 449 because
i'm a i'm a proud member and it is
complete so I figure out snatch that up
then of course just whenever I'd feel
like I mean this is a dollar 79 for a
complete PSP game Hot Shots Golf it I
actually enjoy these games rest your
pretty fun and then thrillville which
looks like roller coaster tycoon even
the back does it is complete complete
buzz master quiz more wife likes games
like these how do you I like watching
some of the game shows so I thought that
was pretty cool I think it was a dollar
sounding on also and then these games
i'm actually reselling so i can buy more
nintendo games I've got them posted on
the side
because I paid a dollar I think it was
yeah it was 99 cents guitar hero two for
360 I think dark sector was a dollar
seventy nine then sega superstars tennis
assuming this is a game that came with
the system it was 99 cents kinect
adventures naughty nonsense lost planet
door 79 this was the more expensive to
send me not she didn't look too bad
though suck you control these damn
things you can build on customize them
learning me looks pretty cool but I'm
not gonna not a Microsoft fan got these
for sale I'm asked five bucks piece just
people around here will pay that but let
me know what you guys thought um contest
video will be coming up shortly I'm
going to do the drawing just like I said
a would have a bag if you guys haven't
hit that video if you need to go do that
it's the one about the contest says 50
subscriber contest on there I'll put a
link you know down below so you guys new
check that out any comment on the video
in order to get an entry I will probably
do that tomorrow so when you're seeing
this video go do that if you want an
entry to win nes system or second place
you're going to get to choose between
some games i'll send you a list and a
private message and let you choose um
anyways hope you guys enjoy the video i
don't be scared to go daven in them
dumpsters i will be hit mana up I like
free shit later